Power management (#24)
hostmobility/documentation: docs/interfaces/hmx/ethernet.md

The `eth0`, `eth1`, `eth2` and `eth3` Ethernet interfaces are configured to request their IP addresses using DHCP with a fallback to static addresses 192.168.1.200 for eth0, 192.168.2.200 for eth1, 192.168.3.200 for eth2, and 192.168.4.200 for eth3.

## Sleep and wake up

> Only T1 (eth2 and eth3) ethernet was supposed to have wake-up function to wake up the system from suspend/sleep.
> The current hardware does not support it. There where not T1 ethernet phy that provide both 100BASE-TX and 1000BASE-T1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not supported by the current hardware revision. T1 Ethernet (`eth2` and `eth3`) wake from suspend/sleep is planned for a later revision.
```
